Players can collect and make use of 3 distinct resources:\
Gold\
Food\
Worship

# Gold
Gold is generated within Towns. The amount of gold generated by a Town is affected by the size of the Town. The larger the Town size, the more gold is generated. Gold production within a Town can also be boosted with the purchase of a mine, lumberjack, or trapping hut on a nearby tile.

Gold is used to purchase terrain upgrades, units, and buildings within Towns.

# Food
Towns produce a base level of Food, regardless of Town size. Additional food production can be achieved through the purchase of specific Terrain Upgrades (Grass, Desert or Plains). 

Food production is required to grow a Town's size. When a certain amount of food has been produced by a town, the town immediately grows.

Food is also used to suport unit production. Units can only be produced in a Town if there is sufficient production available within that town to support the unit. Once the unit is produced, the Town's food production is decreased by the amount required to support the unit. If the unit is defeated, the food production once more becomes available to the Town. If a Town's food production is reduced below the amount required to support units produced by that Town, the last units to be produced by that town will no longer have sufficient food to support them, and they will disband after 5 turns, unless food production can be restored within that that time.

# Worship
Worship is a currency used by the player. It is generated in Towns at a constant rate based on the size of the town and the Elevation of the town. Additional worship production can be achieved through the purchase of a temple on a hill terrain tile.

Worship can be spent in numerous ways:

1. Changing the Elevation of a land tile (up or down)
2. Removing Fog of War
3. Summoning tribal unique temporary Units
4. Blessing of units (additional attack/defense)
5. Town celebration (buff of food, gold and worship output)